README.md, before:

# BBResque

## **npm i bbresque**

## Announcements -
 - For directly contacting me for support, add me on Discord, ClumsyCløver#3385 or send me an email at cloversoftinc@outlook.com (I will be happy to help!) I work in the IST timezone (fyi)
 - There is a plan in place for releasing a full pacakage (.exe) which will do all the installation process by itself, whether it will be released or not, will depend on how useful people find this program to be.
 - I am currently not in a position to test or provide proper for this program on Linux or MacOS, but if you do find any bugs while running it on those OSs, please contact me at the addresses above.

## About -

### With the recent announcement of the university switching over to the Canvas LMS from Sem 1 2022, all university students were advised to download their course material etc. from the BlackBoard LMS.

### Downloading all your files from Blackboard could become tiring as you would go about navigating through all your folders, clicking on every single file (maybe twice) to in order to download it. Moreover, you would then also have to arrange all those files into folders on your PC or the cloud.
### BBResque does all this for you in just a few clicks. Follow the steps below to see how.

## **Steps to install -**
#### 1) Download and install the latest LTS version of NodeJS (if you don't already have it), for your respective OS from here - https://nodejs.org/en/download/ (download v14(or higher) of nodejs)
#### 2) Open CMD(Windows) or Terminal(MacOS/Linux).
#### 3) Type the command - **npm i bbresque**, this will install BBResque on your PC.
#### 4) After the installation finishes, type **bbresque** into the Terminal/CMD window, this will run BBResque, now every time you want to run BBResque; just open up CMD/Terminal and type in **bbresque**.
#### 5) Further steps will be displayed in the terminal window.

Commit message:

README.md updated, version number updated

README.md, after:

# BBResque

## **npm i bbresque**

## Announcements -
 - For directly contacting me for support, add me on Discord, ClumsyCløver#3385 or send me an email at cloversoftinc@outlook.com (I will be happy to help!) I work in the IST timezone (fyi)
 - Version 1.5.0 released - Folder arrangement improved, mojor bugs fixed.

## About -

### With the recent announcement of the university switching over to the Canvas LMS from Sem 1 2022, all university students were advised to download their course material etc. from the BlackBoard LMS.

### Downloading all your files from Blackboard could become tiring as you would go about navigating through all your folders, clicking on every single file (maybe twice) to in order to download it. Moreover, you would then also have to arrange all those files into folders on your PC or the cloud.
### BBResque does all this for you in just a few clicks. Follow the steps below to see how.

## **Steps to install -**
#### 1) Download and install the latest LTS version of NodeJS (if you don't already have it), for your respective OS from here - https://nodejs.org/en/download/ (download v14(or higher) of nodejs)
#### 2) Open CMD(Windows) or Terminal(MacOS/Linux).
#### 3) Type the command - **"npm i bbresque -g"**, this will install BBResque on your PC.
#### 4) After the installation finishes, type **bbresque** into the Terminal/CMD window, this will run BBResque, now every time you want to run BBResque; just open up CMD/Terminal and type in **bbresque**.
#### 5) Further steps will be displayed in the terminal window.
